Transform your Workforce
Most of the work your workforce does today will be redundant in 5 years time. The latest software and data tools are busy revolutionising the world of work - it is critical your workforce keeps pace with these advancements. Reskill and retrain your employees to thrive in the future.
Reskill
EXPLORE delivers a series of short Skills Programmes so that your employees can quickly get up to speed with the latest	tools and technologies out there.
Retrain	
Get your employees on a long 6+ month course to retrain them in a new way of working to bolster your organisation with the Data Scientist, Engineers and software developers you need.
Prepare	
Prepare your leaders and managers with the concepts, ideas and approaches to understand and leverage the powerful new technologies that are emerging at exponential pace.
Choose a New Path
Unleash the power of digital by sending your employees on one of our short courses - delivered on-premise or on-line - to accelerate your workforce into the future of work.
Machine Learning for Analysts Skills Programme 
For your analysts who want to learn the latest high tech. 
Advanced Visualisation Skills Programme 
For your BI experts who want to learn how to tell beautiful stories with data. 
Advanced Python Skills Programme 
For your Quants who need to get up to speed. 
Deep Learning and AI Skills Programme 
For your smartest analysts to learn the magic of neural networks to build machines that think. 
Data Science for Managers Skills Programme 
For your managers to quickly understand basic Data Science concepts that will help them perform in the new world. 
Data Science for Executives Skills Programme 
A morning's workshop for your C-Suite going through best-practice around the world. 
AWS Cloud Practitioner Skills Programme 
For your engineering team who need to move to the cloud where things are just better and easier. 
Analytics Translation Skills Programme 
A course that teaches one of the most critical skills of the 21st century - how to use data to create business value. 
Data Science for CAs Skills Programme 
An innovate course for your CA's to help them reinvent their work so that they spend more time high value making decisions. 
Want To Find Out How We Can Upskill Your Teams
