https://explore-datascience.net/course/info/34/3
Long Courses
Full time On Campus Qualifications
Data Science
Part time Online Qualifications
Data Engineering
Data Analytics
Business Intelligence
NANO-Qualifications
Advanced Visualisation
Data Visualisation
Machine Learning
Data Pipelines And Automation
Data Science For Analysts
See all courses
Short Courses
PART-TIME Online DIGITAL SKILLS
Digital Skills
SQL For Data Science
Python For Data Science
Advanced Classification
Visualisation
Advanced Regression
Unsupervised Learning
Introduction To Data Science
Cloud Computing
Data Warehousing And Lakes
Data Automation
Alumni
Student Reviews
Hire an EXPLORER
About Us
Our Courses
Our Values
Enterprise
Summary
Build a Pipeline
Contact Us
Sign In 
Online: Part-time
Gain the knowledge, skills and experience to get a job as a Business Intelligence analyst. These include a mix of programming and statistical understanding. 
Leaners master the art of building interactive dashboards which bring data to life!
Enroll now
12 months
At 10 hrs/week
January 18, 2021
Basic Analytical Background
Upcoming Courses
Courses coming soon
Our expert scientists have crafted world-class content to ensure learning happens in an engaging, friendly and professional way. Each course allows for varied levels of experience and expertise.
Learning with EXPLORE isn't simply studying, it's an experience!
Try it for free
Overview
Why to Join
Course Introduction
Curriculum
Explore Services
Instructors
Course Pricing
Applications Open
Courses Info
Download Brochure
(134 MB)
Boost your career with a Data centred Qualification
EXPLORE's comprehensive long course qualifications are SETA accredited and offer a broad spectrum of data skills, thoughtfully crafted to ensure they can be applied in the workplace immediately.
You'll learn theory, tools and technology in a fast-paced and fun environment, supported by wise and generous tech specialists who delight in learning.
Join the ranks of thousands of EXPLORE graduates who have landed high-paying jobs in top companies
This course will provide learners with the knowledge, skills and experience to get a job as a Business Intelligence analyst. These roles require a mix of programming and statistical understanding. The course will guide learners to gather data, visualise
data, apply statistical analysis to answer questions and then to make their insights and information as insightful and actionable as possible. 
Learners master the art of building interactive dashboards that allow them to answer questions of the data given to them.
Fundamentals
Learn SQL Server and Statistics
From a basic start through to Probability Theory
Using Power BI to create insightful dashboards with impact
From problem identification through to effectively communicating potential solutions
Programming
Use real-life problems faced by a range of professionals to master the art of organising and then visualising important information.
A complex problem to solve using all the theory and tools gained throughout the course
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
Join the sexiest career of the 21st Century
Data roles are the fastest growing careers with some of the highest paid salaries on offer.
Work with the Best
Our facilitators and support team have been there and done that - experienced practitioners with a range of data mastery in Utilities, Retail and Financial Services. They are your champions and cheerleaders.
Learn How to Solve Problems
The course is built around solving actual problems, whilst learning the latest tools and technologies. Based on the issues that our renowned scientists have helped to solve, each course was designed by a team with years of experience at a global level.
Apply Your Skills
EXPLORE prides itself on the practicality of its courses. Participants must be able to apply the skills and knowledge that they acquire to do Amazing Things. Specialists have put their incredible skills together to ensure that learning adds value and not just 'nice-to-know'.
Extended Access to Material
Participants will have extended access to the material that is covered in the course, allowing them to revisit the techniques whenever they choose to.
Top Student Reviews
I'm now employed by, and work in, the most fantastic team ever. I went from having no programming experience to being employed within a year. I don’t know how you did it!
Tahir Hargey
It was an amazing journey which contributed a lot in my life as I studied Finance and did accounting at school, it was amazing to learn new skills which are highly in demand in the Corporate world.
Precious Gumede
I got to see how valuable data is because the way the content is structured you get to "EXPLORE" how to tackle some real-life problems (using recent data) for insights and possible solutions.
Lindokuhle Pearlson Moloi
Engaging, interactive and entertaining learning
At EXPLORE we firmly believe that learning can be fun, even when the content is complex. Our highly experienced course designers are able to share their insights and wisdom through our innovative learning platform and video-first approach. Take a look at what you can expect when joining us:
SQL for Data Science
Get a feel for how the practical application of SQL is taught at EXPLORE
Power BI
See how data can be brought to life using beautiful dashboarding techniques
GSheets
Take a dive into the power of advanced use of widely available analytics tools...
Course Curriculum
Carefully created and curated content ensures that learning is always relevant and practical
Program Offerings
Enrollment Includes:
Grasp the basics of Data Analytics
Use SQL to gather and analyse data
Learn Power BI to bring data to life
Communicate insightful learnings from the analysed data
Build impressive and creative dashboards
Complete a complex dashboarding project to cement learnings and demonstrate creativity and insight
EXPLORE Services
EXPLORE has your best interests at heart. We want to give you the best chance of success!
A Proven Job Search Framework
After years of helping students get hired, we’ve developed a proven framework for leading a successful job search. Nearly every single student who has followed these guidelines has been hired.
An exciting CV, interview preparation, technical question examples and a structured way to search for and assess potential opportunities. With EXPLORE at your side, you can't go wrong!
Know More
THRIVE
EXPLORE's personal development curriculum, THRIVE, forms part of each student's learning journey. Creative, fun content delivered through a cutting-edge platform exposes participants to a host of additional content intended to support, guide, stretch and stimulate learning beyond the technical content on offer. Professional coaches are on hand to support students in need.
No-one should suffer in silence, nor miss an opportunity to grow, learn and develop. EXPLORE's in-house crafted curriculum ensures that each student is set up for success in their careers and lives.
Dedicated Career Coaching
Every student has access to a dedicated career coach who will mentor students through an effective job search via resume review, mock interviews, and strategies for building a job opportunity pipeline and getting a foot in the door at top-choice companies.
Securing employment opportunities is a dual responsibility - EXPLORE will help you find a great job, but you need to play your part as well. We partner with learners to give them the best chance of landing their dream role!
Meet our EXPLORERS
We take teaching seriously. Great teachers inspire us to connect with topics on a profound level. With experience in the field and the classroom, our course designers and instructors are unmatched. Simply put: students learn from the best.
Dewald Botha
Course Designer
Dewald is an actuary and senior data scientist. He was one of the first brave souls to join the EXPLORE ship. His skills and experience contributed to the incredible learning experience learners enjoy.
Dewald has been known to take to a cricket pitch in his time.
Jonathan Gerrand
Lead Facilitator
Jonathan is an electrical engineer specialising in biomedical image processing and machine learning (MSc). Having been a founding member of the Data Science for Impact and Decision Enablement (DSIDE) program within the CSIR, he is passionate about teaching, innovating for good, and equipping others to reason within a data driven world. Jonathan loves the outdoors, is unashamedly nerdy, and relishes a compelling debate.
Joanne Moonsamy
Facilitator
Armed with a business degree, Joanne ventured into the world of media, and then cosmetics, before finding a home in Data Science. She believes in the power of storytelling with data and is passionate about alternative education, and solving problems in under-serviced communities. Joanne is decidedly not a morning person unless primed with a cup of [good] coffee.
Find The Right Payment Plan For You
Upfront Payment
Pay your fees before the course starts and enjoy a cost saving.No deposit.No complexity.Just one payment. Simple.
Pay as you Learn
Monthly payments unlock your next module of learning.Fees payable in advance each month Seamless payments by automated deductionsMake one payment, we do the rest!
EXPLORE Loan
EXPLORE is proud to be offering a loan option whereby eligible students can apply to fund their studies at an affordable rate, paid off over a longer period. Candidates will have 36 months to pay. Innovative? We think so!
PAY AS YOU LEARN
EXPLORE LOAN
enroll now
Awesome, glad to have you on board!
Next
We’ve got your interests at heart
At EXPLORE we believe that talented individuals should be able to access opportunities to uncover their potential and realise their dreams. We are dedicated to make learning more accessible. 
The EXPLORE loan is designed to do exactly that. With 36 months to pay off your studies, our intention is to offer a competitive and affordable financing option. 
Naturally, we need some details and documents from you to get your application started.
Apply Now
Applying for EXPLORE LOAN!
Simply complete this application.
Submit
Only a few steps lie between you and a world of incredible learning! 
The following questions need to be answered with the details of the person who will be responsible for the loan repayments.
Copyright 2020 - 
Explore Data Science Academy
Why Us?
Sorry, either the time expired or you are not authorized.
Ok
OK
ok
We'll send you an email shortly with more details. Click "OK" to dismiss this popup and go to your dashboard. Or you can click "Dashboard" in the top right.
