https://explore-datascience.net/course/info/39/5
Long Courses
Full time On Campus Qualifications
Data Science
Part time Online Qualifications
Data Engineering
Data Analytics
Business Intelligence
NANO-Qualifications
Advanced Visualisation
Data Visualisation
Machine Learning
Data Pipelines And Automation
Data Science For Analysts
See all courses
Short Courses
PART-TIME Online DIGITAL SKILLS
Digital Skills
SQL For Data Science
Python For Data Science
Advanced Classification
Visualisation
Advanced Regression
Unsupervised Learning
Introduction To Data Science
Cloud Computing
Data Warehousing And Lakes
Data Automation
Alumni
Student Reviews
Hire an EXPLORER
About Us
Our Courses
Our Values
Enterprise
Summary
Build a Pipeline
Contact Us
Sign In 
Python for Data Science
Online: Part-time
Learn how to work in Python in order to manipulate large data sets and perform calculations on them with the intention of analysing the data for insight. We cover a broad range of subject matter to get you comfortable with one of the most powerful programming languages in use today.
Enroll now
6 weeks
At 10 hrs/week
March 29, 2021
Basic Analytical Background
Upcoming Courses
Courses coming soon
Our expert scientists have crafted world-class content to ensure learning happens in an engaging, friendly and professional way. Each course allows for varied levels of experience and expertise.
Learning with EXPLORE isn't simply studying, it's an experience!
Try it for free
Overview
Why to Join
Course Introduction
Course Pricing
Applications Open
Courses Info
Download Brochure
(1 MB)
Master a data skill to boost your productivity
EXPLORE's range of DIGITAL SKILLS are SETA accredited and each offers a unique learning experience over a 6 week period. We’re confident that having nailed one skill, you’ll be back for more - the thrill of learning and applying new knowledge is hard to beat! Each skill is thoughtfully curated to ensure it can be applied in the workplace immediately.
You'll learn theory, tools and technology in a fast-paced and fun online environment, supported by wise and generous tech specialists who delight in learning.
Join the ranks of thousands of EXPLORERs who have learnt Amazing Things with us
Python Programming DIGITAL SKILL
Our Programming course teaches learners how to work in Python to manipulate large data sets and perform calculations on them in order to analyse the data for insight. From simply ‘running a for loop’ to building advanced algorithms we cover a broad range of subject matter to get you comfortable with one of the most powerful programming languages used today.
Anaconda environment and Interactive computing
Working with strings, numbers and booleans
Conditionals, loops, boolean logic
Creating and working with functions
Pseudo-code, unit-testing, code reviews and version control
Optimising code
Working with scientific libraries
Working with DataFrames
Creating and working with advanced algorithms
If you add up all the numbers from 1 to 100 consecutively (1 + 2 + 3...) it totals 5050
Learn the sexiest skills of the 21st Century
Data skills are the most sought after with some of the highest paid salaries on offer.
Work with the Best
Our facilitators and support team have been there and done that - experienced practitioners with a range of data mastery in Utilities, Retail and Financial Services. They are your champions and cheerleaders.
Learn How to Solve Problems
The course is built around solving actual problems, whilst learning the latest tools and technologies. Based on the issues that our renowned scientists have helped to solve, each course was designed by a team with years of experience at a global level.
Apply Your Skills
EXPLORE prides itself on the practicality of its courses. Participants must be able to apply the skills and knowledge that they acquire to do Amazing Things. Specialists have put their incredible skills together to ensure that learning adds value and not just 'nice-to-know'.
Extended Access to Material
Participants will have extended access to the material that is covered in the course, allowing them to revisit the techniques whenever they choose to.
Top Student Reviews
I'm now employed by, and work in, the most fantastic team ever. I went from having no programming experience to being employed
Tahir Hargey
EXPLORE hasn't only given me the courage to always set the bar higher but also acknowledge the human factor in all of us.
Thembisile Damon
I now have a different approach to work, a systematic approach governed by EXPLORE’s principles, which enables efficiency. I'm more open to critique and correction, which improves my work.
Maggy Mhango
Engaging, interactive and entertaining learning
At EXPLORE we firmly believe that learning can be fun, even when the content is complex. Our highly experienced course designers are able to share their insights and wisdom through our innovative learning platform and video-first approach. Take a look at what you can expect when joining us:
Programming in Python makes using you data simple & easy, get a feel for how you'll master this art
Regression
Unlock the power of Machine Learning - take your skills to the next level
A solid foundation in the theories behind Machine Learning make applying the tools that much easier.
Find The Right Payment Plan For You
Upfront Payment
Pay your fees before the course starts and enjoy a cost saving.No deposit.No complexity.Just one payment. Simple.
Pay as you Learn
Monthly payments unlock your next module of learning.Fees payable in advance each month Seamless payments by automated deductionsMake one payment, we do the rest!
PAY AS YOU LEARN
Awesome, glad to have you on board!
Next
We’ve got your interests at heart
At EXPLORE we believe that talented individuals should be able to access opportunities to uncover their potential and realise their dreams. We are dedicated to make learning more accessible. 
The EXPLORE loan is designed to do exactly that. With 36 months to pay off your studies, our intention is to offer a competitive and affordable financing option. 
Naturally, we need some details and documents from you to get your application started.
Apply Now
Applying for EXPLORE LOAN!
Simply complete this application.
Submit
Only a few steps lie between you and a world of incredible learning! 
The following questions need to be answered with the details of the person who will be responsible for the loan repayments.
Copyright 2020 - 
Explore Data Science Academy
Why Us?
Sorry, either the time expired or you are not authorized.
Ok
OK
ok
We'll send you an email shortly with more details. Click "OK" to dismiss this popup and go to your dashboard. Or you can click "Dashboard" in the top right.
