https://explore-datascience.net/alumni/student-reviews
Long Courses
Full time On Campus Qualifications
Data Science
Part time Online Qualifications
Data Engineering
Data Analytics
Business Intelligence
NANO-Qualifications
Advanced Visualisation
Data Visualisation
Machine Learning
Data Pipelines And Automation
Data Science For Analysts
See all courses
Short Courses
PART-TIME Online DIGITAL SKILLS
Digital Skills
SQL For Data Science
Python For Data Science
Advanced Classification
Visualisation
Advanced Regression
Unsupervised Learning
Introduction To Data Science
Cloud Computing
Data Warehousing And Lakes
Data Automation
Alumni
Student Reviews
Hire an EXPLORER
About Us
Our Courses
Our Values
Enterprise
Summary
Build a Pipeline
Contact Us
Sign In 
Our students, the really Amazing People want to share some Amazing Things
Read reviews and testimonials from the people who have changed their lives through learning with us
One story, many tales
Time and again we hear a consistent theme from students who have learnt with us...
“Joining EXPLORE changed my life.”
From discovering a new passion, learning that what seemed impossible can be done, unearthing determination, stamina and perseverance to meeting incredible people and making lifelong friends, no-one who leaves us is the same as when they joined. 
Learning with EXPLORE takes grit, dedication and an open mindset, but the rewards are bountiful and continue for years beyond the completion of a course.
Learners absorb as much from one another as from the facilitators, and the real-world experiences offered encourage them to tackle tough situations in a safe and supportive environment.
This lays a solid foundation for what is expected when the course is over, and the stakes are raised.
The people made the journey more enjoyable. Getting to know people from many diverse backgrounds and working together with them was definitely one of the highlights of my time at EXPLORE.
Tahir Hargey
In their own words, our past students express what learning with EXPLORE meant for them, reflect on the people they met and how their lives have changed
The fact that I was allowed to use different methods to achieve a given task was freeing. I felt as if I was given a paint brush and an infinite array of colors to paint my solution without being put into a box
Ntwanano Matjokane
[A highlight was…] Learning new technologies and being able to apply them to real world problems. And also meeting smart people with similar mindsets to that of myself.
EXPLORE was like my soul revamping unit.
I could always find happiness in being at EXPLORE and most of my highlights would be the networking or rather peers that I met.
Thembisile Damon
When it came to the supervisors, my colleagues and the other staff. Everyone was really helpful when it came to lending a hand, whether it involved work that needed to be done or just a friendly face that you could talk to.
Jamie Japhta
I have a different approach to work, a systematic approach governed by EXPLORE’s principles, which enables efficiency. I'm more open to critics and correction, which improves my work. 
Maggy Mhango
One of the best faculties , it gives the student the power to dictate how much they want to learn but also ensuring that they stay motivated.
Mbusi Sithole
I am employed. I have a network of friends that share an interest with me. I found my passion and where I belong.
And I'm just so grateful.Thank you.
Ivor Pietersen
Great folks with an immensely diverse range of skills & were really awesome to work with and learn from.
Atisang Molapo
Launch your career today and start doing Amazing Things with Amazing People.
Browse Courses
Copyright 2020 - 
Explore Data Science Academy
Why Us?
Sorry, either the time expired or you are not authorized.
Ok
OK
ok
We'll send you an email shortly with more details. Click "OK" to dismiss this popup and go to your dashboard. Or you can click "Dashboard" in the top right.
