https://explore-datascience.net/about-us/our-values
Long Courses
Full time On Campus Qualifications
Data Science
Part time Online Qualifications
Data Engineering
Data Analytics
Business Intelligence
NANO-Qualifications
Advanced Visualisation
Data Visualisation
Machine Learning
Data Pipelines And Automation
Data Science For Analysts
See all courses
Short Courses
PART-TIME Online DIGITAL SKILLS
Digital Skills
SQL For Data Science
Python For Data Science
Advanced Classification
Visualisation
Advanced Regression
Unsupervised Learning
Introduction To Data Science
Cloud Computing
Data Warehousing And Lakes
Data Automation
Alumni
Student Reviews
Hire an EXPLORER
About Us
Our Courses
Our Values
Enterprise
Summary
Build a Pipeline
Contact Us
Sign In 
EXPLORE is a mission-driven companyOur Values guide every move we make
Everything about EXPLORE is guided by a set of values which we believe in wholeheartedly and which drive us to change the world!
Invest your Soul in the Game
Our world is both beautiful but brutal, expansive yet suffocating, affirming and devastating. It is like no other. It’s a land that asks difficult questions to all who live in it.
It is here that we have been born and where we must rise. It is here where we must stand and be counted. It is here where it is our duty to make things better.
Be principles driven. Serve values that are timeless.
Be purpose-driven. Do things that are meaningful.
Do work that will make your children proud. Look yourself in the mirror every morning. Leave a mark on the world. Live passionately. Care deeply about your work.
Body on the Line
Be accountable - own your patch of turf.
Be a team player - we expect dedication & commitment to the shared cause.
Be brave - we are courageous & stick to our principles
It’s about taking accountability, about working hard, about personal sacrifice, about not stopping when things get tough.
Sacrifice. Fortitude. Dedication. Courage. Inner Strength. 
Demand Black Belt Execution
In the martial arts you only earn your black-belt if your Sensei can see that you are committed to furthering the legacy of the belt.
Once you have mastered an art your job is to teach the next generation of young warriors.
That is your duty. That is how it works.
Teach others by the example you set. Teach the warriors of tomorrow so they can be stronger than you are today.
Agree what is important.
Then do it.
Plant Trees you’ll Never See
Contribute
Dedicate your life to helping others. Expect nothing in return.
Act selflessly. Work tirelessly.
Pay it forward.
Remember you are indebted to Life until you help some less fortunate person.
Invest in the next generation.
Build a world that you want your grandchildren to live in.
Start small. Just a few seeds. Water them every day. See what happens over the years. Share your gifts. Build for a distant future.
Give back.
Contribute.
Leave the world in a better place.
Choose Growth
When faced with a choice, two paths to potentially walk, reflect to yourself:
“Which of these will stretch, broaden, expand and challenge me?”
“Which is less comfortable, more painful and consumes more courage?”
Then choose that path.
Choose the Growth, the Grit and the Grace.
Be fearless in following your truth. And do the work along the way.
Solve the Problem
Creating the space, structure and conditions for the rigorous search of the best ideas and solutions for any problem to be solved.
This takes radical transparency and uncompromising open-mindedness. To ensure that the best idea wins.
Every day there will be many problems that hit you. Some big, others small. There will be waves of problems to solve. They will never end. The more successful you are the bigger your problems will be.
Successful people roll up their sleeves and get stuck in.
They solve the problems.
Be Ridiculously Optimistic
Setting your sights on the impossible is an exhilarating way to learn.
There is only one way to live your best possible life:
Aim for the stars. 
Believe in your dreams.
Keep going.
Don’t stop.
Never give up.
Find a way.
Walk Barefoot
Walk with gratitude. Walk with respect. Walk with purpose. Walk with your feet close to the ground.
Give thanks for the gifts you have been given. Never take what you have for granted.
Don’t dwell on your successes. Never count your trophies.
Stay humble. Stay pure. Stay grounded.
Show respect. Treat everyone with the dignity they deserve.
Honor the path you have chosen.
EXPLORE with Gumption
We were all children. We were all bursting with crazy beautiful ideas. We were all artists with giant paintbrushes splashing streaks of fun on the world in front of us.
Joyful. Experimenting. Tripping. Falling. Learning. Growing.
But.
Life gets in the way. Life beats us up. We lose parts of ourselves.
Take risks. Jump off of cliffs. Chase your curiosity. Laugh until you can’t breathe anymore. Ignore what people tell you to do. Follow what you believe in. Make mistakes. Do crazy things. Live dangerously.
Be present.Life is short. Have fun.
Stay foolish. Stay hungry.
Believe that something wonderful can happen because you are part of it. Then run madly to achieve it! 
Copyright 2020 - 
Explore Data Science Academy
Why Us?
Sorry, either the time expired or you are not authorized.
Ok
OK
ok
We'll send you an email shortly with more details. Click "OK" to dismiss this popup and go to your dashboard. Or you can click "Dashboard" in the top right.
