https://explore-datascience.net/course/info/53/5/online
Long Courses
Full time On Campus Qualifications
Data Science
Part time Online Qualifications
Data Engineering
Data Analytics
Business Intelligence
NANO-Qualifications
Advanced Visualisation
Data Visualisation
Machine Learning
Data Pipelines And Automation
Data Science For Analysts
See all courses
Short Courses
PART-TIME Online DIGITAL SKILLS
Digital Skills
SQL For Data Science
Python For Data Science
Advanced Classification
Visualisation
Advanced Regression
Unsupervised Learning
Introduction To Data Science
Cloud Computing
Data Warehousing And Lakes
Data Automation
Alumni
Student Reviews
Hire an EXPLORER
About Us
Our Courses
Our Values
Enterprise
Summary
Build a Pipeline
Contact Us
Sign In 
Introduction to Data Science
Online: Part-time
You're keen to learn what Data Science is all about and master some vital skills when it comes to data management, analysis and insights? Look no further, this course meets all those needs, and more!
Enroll now
6 weeks
At 10 hrs/week
February 1, 2021
Basic Analytical Background
Upcoming Courses
Courses coming soon
Our expert scientists have crafted world-class content to ensure learning happens in an engaging, friendly and professional way. Each course allows for varied levels of experience and expertise.
Learning with EXPLORE isn't simply studying, it's an experience!
Try it for free
Overview
Why to Join
Course Introduction
Instructors
Course Pricing
Applications Open
Courses Info
Download Brochure
(1 MB)
Master a data skill to boost your potential!
EXPLORE's range of Digital Skills are SETA accredited and each offers a unique learning experience over a 6 week period. We’re confident that having nailed one skill, you’ll be back for more - the thrill of learning and applying new knowledge is hard to beat! Each skill is thoughtfully curated to ensure it can be applied in the workplace immediately.
You'll learn theory, tools and technology in a fast-paced and fun online environment, supported by wise and generous tech specialists who delight in learning.
Join the ranks of thousands of EXPLORERs who have learnt Amazing Things with us
Introduction to Data Science DIGITAL SKILL
From "What is Data Science?" through to Prediction Models in the workplace, we've got all your questions covered. This high-level, comprehensive walk through the world of Data Science will leave you eager to learn more, and apply your knowledge in whatever it is that you do!
What is Data Science?
Understand the history, misconceptions, roles, and potential of data science in society.
Learn the EGAD framework and tools required for solving problems in a data driven manner
Summary Statistics and Data Processing in Spreadsheets
Know about fundamental data types and options for their storage.
Process stored data to gain meaningful insights
Data Visualisation in Power BI
Understand how to create effective dashboards for data driven communication in the workplace
Build an appealing and impactful problem-related dashboard using Power BI
Predictive Factors and Predictive Modelling
Determine predictive factors from data and establish essential preprocessing steps to enable their use in downstream modelling tasks
Interpret and comprehend results from an array of predictive models and their relevance to business decisions and operation.
Lightning strikes the Earth 6,000 times every minute
Join the sexiest career of the 21st Century
Data roles are the fastest growing careers with some of the highest paid salaries on offer.
Work with the Best
Our facilitators and support team have been there and done that - experienced practitioners with a range of data mastery in Utilities, Retail and Financial Services. They are your champions and cheerleaders.
Learn How to Solve Problems
The course is built around solving actual problems, whilst learning the latest tools and technologies. Based on the issues that our renowned scientists have helped to solve, each course was designed by a team with years of experience at a global level.
Apply Your Skills
EXPLORE prides itself on the practicality of its courses. Participants must be able to apply the skills and knowledge that they acquire to do Amazing Things. Specialists have put their incredible skills together to ensure that learning adds value and not just 'nice-to-know'.
Extended Access to Material
Participants will have extended access to the material that is covered in the course, allowing them to revisit the techniques whenever they choose to.
Top Student Reviews
Overall, I had an awesome time studying with EXPLORE. The Academy doesn't just put it's emphasis on work, but the well-being of their students, which I find key to success in such a demanding industry. It's never been just about work! Yes it gets real and the deadline has to be met, but there's always that one, if not two, if not ten of EXPLORE’s staff cheering you on. Anyone and everyone can enroll in an online course, but not everyone can successfully carry it through to completion, like they do at EXPLORE.
Maggy Mhango
I found it exceedingly thrilling and filled with engrossing content and challenges that optimized the whole learning experience. The supportive atmosphere and culture, with highly eloquent instructors, created a positive learning space that evoked not only an unmatched yearn to take in what was delivered but to apply it to the best of our abilities while forging meaningful and fruitful relationships (networks). Nothing was as congenial as working with and solving real-life problems.
Atisang Molapo
EXPLOREs approach to skills development is cutting edge and progressive. My educational background is not in one of the STEM fields and yet I've found the skills I have learnt relevant for the job market and extremely valuable for myself as an individual seeking a competitive advantage in a data driven era. The combination of the hard and soft skills I've picked up has accelerated my career prospects in many ways.
Jake Ruele
Engaging, interactive and entertaining learning
At EXPLORE we firmly believe that learning can be fun, even when the content is complex. Our highly experienced course designers are able to share their insights and wisdom through our innovative learning platform and video-first approach. Take a look at what you can expect when joining us:
GSheets
Using widely available analytics tools in innovative ways opens the door to more advanced theories techniques, let our scientists show you how...
Power BI
Bring your data to life using beautiful dashboarding techniques
Predictive Modelling
Open the door to a world of possibility using predictive techniques, our scientists will guide you on this journey
Meet our EXPLORERS
We take teaching seriously. Great teachers inspire us to connect with topics on a profound level. With experience in the field and the classroom, our course designers and instructors are unmatched. Simply put: students learn from the best.
Shaun Dippnall
Course Designer
Shaun is the CEO of the EXPLORE Group of Companies. These include a Digital Skills Academy that delivers scarce digital skills at scale into South Africa as well as a Utilities and Financial Services products and services business.
Jaco Jansen van Rensburg
Lead facilitator
Jaco is a Lead Data Scientist in the EXPLORE Data Science Academy. He has spent the bulk of his career on scientific and industrial research and holds a PhD in Mechanical Engineering with a focus on mathematical modelling and optimisation.
Trevor Senyane
Facilitator
Trevor is a Data Science, Machine learning and Artificial intelligence enthusiast.He has a Bsc degree majoring in Physics and Mathematics. He is a dynamic problem solver who recognizes that problems have to be approached at a 3rd dimensional point of view.Trevor is an omnivert and adventurist who enjoys exploring parts of the world.
Find The Right Payment Plan For You
Upfront Payment
Pay your fees before the course starts and enjoy a cost saving.No deposit.No complexity.Just one payment. Simple.
Pay as you Learn
Monthly payments unlock your next module of learning.Fees payable in advance each month Seamless payments by automated deductionsMake one payment, we do the rest!
PAY AS YOU LEARN
Awesome, glad to have you on board!
Next
We’ve got your interests at heart
At EXPLORE we believe that talented individuals should be able to access opportunities to uncover their potential and realise their dreams. We are dedicated to make learning more accessible. 
The EXPLORE loan is designed to do exactly that. With 36 months to pay off your studies, our intention is to offer a competitive and affordable financing option. 
Naturally, we need some details and documents from you to get your application started.
Apply Now
Applying for EXPLORE LOAN!
Simply complete this application.
Submit
Only a few steps lie between you and a world of incredible learning! 
The following questions need to be answered with the details of the person who will be responsible for the loan repayments.
Copyright 2020 - 
Explore Data Science Academy
Why Us?
Sorry, either the time expired or you are not authorized.
Ok
OK
ok
We'll send you an email shortly with more details. Click "OK" to dismiss this popup and go to your dashboard. Or you can click "Dashboard" in the top right.
