https://explore-datascience.net/pdf/SQL Prospectus 2020.pdf
PROSPECTUS
EXPLORE Overview 02
Why SQL? 03
This Course Is For You If You Want To 04
Who Should Take This Course? 05
How You Will Learn 05
Requirements 06
Your Success Team 07
Your Teaching Team 08
Curriculum 09
Working with SQL 09
Working with databases 10
EXPLORE Philosophy: Solving problems in the real world 11
Contact Information 12
01
EXPLORE is a next generation Learning Institution that teaches students the skills of 
the future. From Data Science to Data Engineering to Machine Learning to Deep 
Learning we deliver cutting edge courses to satisfy your hunger to learn. Our 
Programmes are built by an amazing Faculty - we learn employ some of the world’s 
most talented Scientists who have experience solving diﬃcult problems on a global 
stage.
Our philosophy is to teach our students how to solve problems in the real world. 
We emphasise teamwork, collaboration and working within constraints, under 
pressure, with deadlines while understanding context, audience and 
implementation challenges. We are not a theoretical institution (although we cover 
the theory) - we are a ‘practical, hands-on, roll-up-your-sleeves and get stuﬀ done’ 
kind of institution. As real-world Scientists who have delivered impact in the world of 
work we’re well positioned to deliver these skills.
EXPLORE launched during 2013 and since then has taught 1,000’s of students and 
solved many problems for businesses across multiple Industries across the world. 
We’re reinventing education and invite you to join us to change things for the 
better.
02
Four megatrends are fundamentally changing the shape of our world: 
Unlimited Data Incredible Speed
Vast amounts of data The processing speed of our 
are being generated machines is increasing 
every minute. exponentially.
Cloud Integration Open Source Algorithms
We now have cloud providers who Powerful open source algorithms 
can store insane amounts of data that can read, write, translate and 
for a few dollars. see are now available to everyone. 
Working with large data sets and being able to query them optimally using SQL is a core skill of the 
future. Being able to extract, transform and load data is foundational before teams can apply the 
latest Data Science algorithms to them.
03
This course is 100% for you if these are what you are looking for:
Improve Your Skills
Learn the latest advances to turbo-charge your career and set you up 
for success in the digital age
Learn New Techniques
Learn what matters - invest in your career by studying the latest 
algorithms, cloud solutions, open source tools and data science 
technologies
Have a Support Team
EXPLORE has a large Faculty of Scientists with lots of Academic and 
real-world experience who are available to support you through the 
learning process. 
Solve real-world problems
EXPLORE exposes you to real-world problems by delivering 
project-based deliverables where you need to apply your knowledge 
to solve problems
04
This course is geared towards analysts have experience working with data and who want to focus 
on improving their ability to work more optimally with large data sets. It will be beneﬁcial to 
professionals who need to rapidly upskill and enhance their SQL toolkit with demonstrable and 
practical skills.
This course is technical in nature. It is therefore recommended that you have a basic 
understanding of mathematics and statistics. Basic knowledge of SQL would be beneﬁcial and is 
recommended but is not required.
How You'll Learn
Every course is broken down into manageable, weekly units, designed to accelerate your learning 
process through diverse learning activities: 
Work through downloadable content and online instructional material
Interact with your peers and learning facilitators through real-time chat 
platforms and regular live webinars.
Enjoy a wide range of interactive content, including video lectures, coding 
challenges, hackathons, and presentations.
Investigate real-world case studies.
Learn how to use Jupyter Notebook, GitHub, Power BI, AWS, and various 
machine learning models.
Apply what you learn each week to quizzes, coding challenges and ongoing 
project submissions, culminating in the ability to use real-world data to solve a 
real-life problem.
05
BASIC REQUIREMENTS
Basic computer literacy is essential for successful completion of the course. To complete the 
course, you will need a current email account and access to a computer and the internet, as well as 
a PDF Reader. You may need to make use of the Google oﬃce suite, which is free to anyone with a 
Gmail account. Alternatively, Microsoft Oﬃce applications (such as PowerPoint and Word) may be 
used. We recommend using Google Chrome to access the course, but any popular browser should 
suﬃce.
TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS
● Recommended OS: Since we make use of Windows based apps (such as Power BI), Windows 10 
is recommended (Windows 7 minimum)
● Processor: Minimum i3. Baseline higher than 2GHz 
● RAM: Minimum 4GB 
● Bandwidth: 20GB data per month should be suﬃcient, but will vary based on your personal 
activity 
● Communication: Webcam and Microphone
ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS
Certain activities may require additional software and resources. In such cases, we will ensure that 
they will operate properly on a device with the above-mentioned speciﬁcations and will be clearly 
communicated to you during the completion of the course. Please note that Google, Vimeo, YouTube, 
Udemy and Datacamp may be used in our course delivery, and if these services are blocked in your 
jurisdiction, you may have diﬃculty in accessing course content. Please check with a Course 
Consultant before registering for this course if you have any concerns about this aﬀecting your 
experience with the Online Campus.
06
EXPLORE has a range of Faculty members at hand to assist you if you get stuck during your learning 
journey. We have experts readily available to assist you for when things get tricky - they have a wealth 
of experience with the material and are a friendly message away to help you on your way.
Head Tutor
A subject matter expert who'll guide you through content-related 
challenges. 
Success Manager
Your one-on-one support available during working hours (8am-5pm 
SAST) to resolve any challenges that you may have
Administration Support
Available 24/7 to solve your software, tech and administrative queries 
and concerns. 
07
These EXPLORERs built the course you will go through - they have loads of experience working with 
the tools and technologies you will learn and had fun building something awesome for you to learn.
SUBJECT MATTER EXPERT
Jaco Jansen van Rensburg
Lead Instructor
Jaco is a Lead Data Scientist in the EXPLORE Data Science Academy. He has spent the bulk of his 
career on scientiﬁc and industrial research and holds a PhD in Mechanical Engineering with a focus 
on mathematical modelling and optimisation.
YOUR COURSE CO-CONVENORS
These subject matter experts guide the course design and appear in a number of course videos, 
along with a variety of industry professionals. 
Jonathan Gerrand
Jonathan is an electrical engineer specialising in biomedical image processing and machine learning 
(MSc). Having been a founding member of the Data Science for Impact and Decision Enablement 
(DSIDE) program within the CSIR, he is passionate about teaching, innovating for good, and equipping 
others to reason within a data driven world. Jonathan loves the outdoors, is unashamedly nerdy, and 
relishes a compelling debate.
Jonathan Botha
Data Scientist
Jonathan has his PhD in Genetics. He decided to leave the world of Academia and pair his unique 
perspective and insight with Data Science in order to see what strange and interesting things unfold. 
He also unashamedly prefers tea to coﬀee.
08
SQL
Duration: 3 Months Recommended Time: 80 hours
Pre-Requisite Skills: Basic analytical background
Tools Learnt:
What is covered in this course:
A. Working with SQL 
Introduction to SQL
Working with databases
The value of well structured data
How to work with data 
Basic SQL 
SELECT, FROM, WHERE 
JOINS
Aggregations
09
B. Working with databases 
SQL Commands
Normalisation of TABLES
CREATE, ALTER commands 
WORKING with temporary tables
Optimising performance
Data Manipulation
INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE commands 
Cleaning data 
Writing complex SQL queries
Real-world project
10
At EXPLORE we focus on building our student’s ability to solve problems in the real world. Building 
things that work and make a diﬀerence is hard - that’s what we teach.
We’re not a traditional learning institution that spends weeks teaching matrix multiplication on a 
whiteboard (although understanding that is useful) - we’re a practical, solution-oriented institution 
that teaches our students to work in teams, under pressure, with deadlines while understanding 
context, constraints and the audience.
Our courses are typically broken into Sprints where we teach a core set of concepts within the 
framework of solving a problem in a team with a tight deadline.
1 2 3
Students cycle from Sprint to Sprint solving diﬀerent problems in diﬀerent teams as they build this 
core muscle over the course.
11
Start a new career today by enrolling in one of our Data Science, Data 
Analytics or Data Engineering courses.
Admission Related Enquiries Mail:
admissions@explore-ai.net
General Enquiries Mail:
general@explore-ai.net
WWW.EXPLORE-DATASCIENCE.NET
