https://explore-datascience.net/course/info/36/4
Long Courses
Full time On Campus Qualifications
Data Science
Part time Online Qualifications
Data Engineering
Data Analytics
Business Intelligence
NANO-Qualifications
Advanced Visualisation
Data Visualisation
Machine Learning
Data Pipelines And Automation
Data Science For Analysts
See all courses
Short Courses
PART-TIME Online DIGITAL SKILLS
Digital Skills
SQL For Data Science
Python For Data Science
Advanced Classification
Visualisation
Advanced Regression
Unsupervised Learning
Introduction To Data Science
Cloud Computing
Data Warehousing And Lakes
Data Automation
Alumni
Student Reviews
Hire an EXPLORER
About Us
Our Courses
Our Values
Enterprise
Summary
Build a Pipeline
Contact Us
Sign In 
Data Pipelines and Automation
Online: Part-time
Take your data wrangling skills to the next level as you grapple with managing large volumes of data. You will master cloud computing, big data knowledge and the ability to create automated pipelines for a business.
Enroll now
5 months
At 10 hrs/week
July 5, 2021
Basic Analytical Background
Upcoming Courses
Courses coming soon
Our expert scientists have crafted world-class content to ensure learning happens in an engaging, friendly and professional way. Each course allows for varied levels of experience and expertise.
Learning with EXPLORE isn't simply studying, it's an experience!
Try it for free
Overview
Why to Join
Course Introduction
Curriculum
Explore Services
Instructors
Course Pricing
Applications Closed
Courses Info
Boost your employability with a portfolio of data skills
EXPLORE's comprehensive nano-qualifications are SETA accredited and offer a cluster of data skills which equip learners to tackle specific problems or projects. Skill sets are curated to ensure they can be applied in the workplace from day 1.
You'll learn theory, tools and technology in a fast-paced and fun online environment, supported by wise and generous tech specialists who delight in learning.
Join the ranks of thousands of EXPLORERs who have made waves in the workplace.
The amount of data being generated is growing exponentially. Never has there been so much data produced, consumed and analysed. Being able to work with ever increasing data sets is a core skill of the future. In this course we teach learners how to build vast data lakes that connect various data sources so that the team is able to extract insights quickly.
Intro to cloud computing
Pros and cons of cloud computing 
Cloud providers
AWS services & overview
Set up IAM policies
Storing data in S3 buckets
Spin up an EC2 instance
RDS instances
Security, Identity and compliance
Networking and content delivery
Using Lambdas
Big Data Architecture
Hardoop vs Spark
Big Data Software
Introduction to data warehouses 
Implementing data warehouses on AWS 
Introduction to data lakes
Implementing data lakes on AWS
Data Pipelines
Data Quality
Build Pipelines
Task boundaries and monitoring
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear
Join the sexiest career of the 21st Century
Data roles are the fastest growing careers with some of the highest paid salaries on offer.
Work with the Best
Our facilitators and support team have been there and done that - experienced practitioners with a range of data mastery in Utilities, Retail and Financial Services. They are your champions and cheerleaders.
Learn How to Solve Problems
The course is built around solving actual problems, whilst learning the latest tools and technologies. Based on the issues that our renowned scientists have helped to solve, each course was designed by a team with years of experience at a global level.
Apply Your Skills
EXPLORE prides itself on the practicality of its courses. Participants must be able to apply the skills and knowledge that they acquire to do Amazing Things. Specialists have put their incredible skills together to ensure that learning adds value and not just 'nice-to-know'.
Extended Access to Material
Participants will have extended access to the material that is covered in the course, allowing them to revisit the techniques whenever they choose to.
Top Student Reviews
EXPLORE really attracts some of the most talented, creative, and hardworking individuals I've met.
Jake Ruele
I found my passion and where I belong. And I'm just so grateful.
Ivor Pietersen
I found it exceedingly thrilling and filled with engrossing content and challenges that optimized the whole learning experience.
Atisang Molapo
Engaging, interactive and entertaining learning
At EXPLORE we firmly believe that learning can be fun, even when the content is complex. Our highly experienced course designers are able to share their insights and wisdom through our innovative learning platform and video-first approach. Take a look at what you can expect when joining us:
Statistics
Explore the world of statistics with our easy-to-understand tutorials
Spreadsheets
Expand your understanding of the power of analytics using advanced spreadsheet techniques
Course Curriculum
Carefully created and curated content ensures that learning is always relevant and practical. Our experienced Scientists promise you only the best experience.
Program Offerings
Enrollment Includes:
Cloud computing basics
Introduction to AWS and AWS Services
Storage, database and compute services
Big data architecture
Introduction to Data Warehouses
Implementing data warehouses on AWS
Introduction to Data Lakes
Data Pipelines and Quality
Production Data Pipelines
EXPLORE Services
EXPLORE has your best interests at heart. We want to give you the best chance of success!
A Proven Job Search Framework
After years of helping students get hired, we’ve developed a proven framework for leading a successful job search. Nearly every single student who has followed these guidelines has been hired.
An exciting CV, interview preparation, technical question examples and a structured way to search for and assess potential opportunities. With EXPLORE at your side, you can't go wrong!
Know More
THRIVE
EXPLORE's personal development curriculum, THRIVE, forms part of each student's learning journey. Creative, fun content delivered through a cutting-edge platform exposes participants to a host of additional content to support, guide, stretch and stimulate learning.
No-one should suffer in silence, nor miss an opportunity to grow, learn and develop. Professional coaches are on hand to support students in need. EXPLORE's in-house crafted curriculum ensures that each student is set up for success in their careers and lives.
Dedicated Career Coaching
Every student has access to a dedicated career coach who will mentor students through an effective job search via resume review, mock interviews, and strategies for building a job opportunity pipeline and getting a foot in the door at top-choice companies.
Securing employment opportunities is a dual responsibility - EXPLORE will help you find a great job, but you need to play your part as well. We partner with learners to give them the best chance of landing their dream role!
Meet our EXPLORERS
We take teaching seriously. Great teachers inspire us to connect with topics on a profound level. With experience in the field and the classroom, our course designers and instructors are unmatched. Simply put: students learn from the best.
Aidan Hembold
Course designer
Aidan is a director of EXPLORE and is the lead data scientist on EXPLORE Utilities. He is a co-founder of the Data Science Academy and was core to the initial setup of the flagship Data Science course.
Jonathan Botha
Lead facilitator
Jonathan has his PhD in Genetics. He decided to leave the world of Academia and pair his unique perspective and insight with Data Science in order to see what strange and interesting things unfold. He also unashamedly prefers tea to coffee.
Xolisa Mzini
Facilitator
Xolisa is a Data Saiyantist who is currently pursuing a degree in Pure Mathematics and Applied Statistics. His passions include learning, networking, and just being a joker.
If he is not working he is either starting a new diet, a new training program, or googling “how to get a six-pack in two weeks.” Point is he likes fitness.
Find The Right Payment Plan For You
Upfront payment
Pay your fees before the course starts and enjoy a cost saving.No deposit.No complexity.Just one payment. Simple.
Pay as you learn
Monthly payments unlock your next module of learning.Fees payable in advance each month Seamless payments by automated deductionsMake one payment, we do the rest!
Upfront Payment
PAY AS YOU LEARN
Awesome, glad to have you on board!
Next
We’ve got your interests at heart
At EXPLORE we believe that talented individuals should be able to access opportunities to uncover their potential and realise their dreams. We are dedicated to make learning more accessible. 
The EXPLORE loan is designed to do exactly that. With 36 months to pay off your studies, our intention is to offer a competitive and affordable financing option. 
Naturally, we need some details and documents from you to get your application started.
Apply Now
Applying for EXPLORE LOAN!
Simply complete this application.
Submit
Only a few steps lie between you and a world of incredible learning! 
The following questions need to be answered with the details of the person who will be responsible for the loan repayments.
Copyright 2020 - 
Explore Data Science Academy
Why Us?
Sorry, either the time expired or you are not authorized.
Ok
OK
ok
We'll send you an email shortly with more details. Click "OK" to dismiss this popup and go to your dashboard. Or you can click "Dashboard" in the top right.
