https://explore-datascience.net/enterprise/build-pipeline
Long Courses
Full time On Campus Qualifications
Data Science
Part time Online Qualifications
Data Engineering
Data Analytics
Business Intelligence
NANO-Qualifications
Advanced Visualisation
Data Visualisation
Machine Learning
Data Pipelines And Automation
Data Science For Analysts
See all courses
Short Courses
PART-TIME Online DIGITAL SKILLS
Digital Skills
SQL For Data Science
Python For Data Science
Advanced Classification
Visualisation
Advanced Regression
Unsupervised Learning
Introduction To Data Science
Cloud Computing
Data Warehousing And Lakes
Data Automation
Alumni
Student Reviews
Hire an EXPLORER
About Us
Our Courses
Our Values
Enterprise
Summary
Build a Pipeline
Contact Us
Sign In 
Build a Pipeline of Data Expertise
Looking to the future of your organisation’s data skill needs means planning in advance. At EXPLORE we work with you to identify your requirements, and then craft a solution to meet those needs.
Invest in the next wave of digital talent
Whether you’re looking for rocket scientists to write the algorithms needed for your business to thrive, or seeking out a data ninja to architect your company’s cloud, EXPLORE has a learnership to suit your needs. 
We offer a selection of 12 month learnerships whereby organisations sponsor full-time students as they learn cutting-edge data skills. The programme includes an intensive 6-month learning phase, followed by 6 months of projects and internships working in the sponsor organisation on the real-life problems which need solving. What better way to groom the future employees to join your ranks. 
Our learnerships are SETA-accredited which means your Skills Development funds optimise BBBEE points. A triple win situation! 
contact us
Watch
our courses
Imagine having 12 months to assess the aptitude, attitude and organisational fit of potential employees? 
By sponsoring an EXPLORE learnership, that’s exactly what you get! Our recruiting mechanism ensures that we only present the top candidates for you as an organisation to select your learners from. We do the hard work upfront.
Once you have selected the students who best fit your requirements, you get front row seats to watch their progress through the programme. Regular, real-time feedback on their performance is part of the process.
During the project and internship phase, you get a 6 month period during which to assess each learner’s way of working, attitude and fit. By the end of the process, its a simple, smooth transition from student to high-flying employee! 
Learners trained
JSE Top 100 Clients
Employment Rate
Start Building your Pipeline
We have a learning path to suit your organisation’s needs.
Data Science Programme
Our flagship learning pathway which has launched hundreds of previous students into exciting careers. Uncover the magic of how data can be used to solve difficult problems in any context.
Data Engineering Programme
Learn how to engineer and manage powerful data platforms that run large Enterprises. This in-demand qualification is sought after in a multitude of industries as they map their digital futures.
Data Analytics Programme
Upon completion of this programme, students go on to gather and analyse data which they then use to deliver business insights to executives across the board. Any data, any business, the principles apply.
Business Intelligence Programme
Learners master the art of telling stories from across an organisation using beautiful, insightful and value-driving visualisations. Empower yourself to make data come alive! 
Nano-qualifications
Browse our suite of shorter, tailored learning solutions to impart a powerful portfolio of skills which are marketable and relevant in today’s marketplace. 
Digital Skills 
Explore our range of bite-sized pieces of learning which teach learners a valuable data skill These can be used to add value using the latest tools and technologies available. 
Build a Pipeline of Talent
Our novel approach to crafting top hires ensures you can trust an EXPLORE graduate to get the job done
Recruit Differently
EXPLORE discovers raw talent in unlikely places with our innovative and inclusive sourcing strategy. We select top learners based on aptitude and attitude.
Teach Differently
EXPLORE uses world-class technology to deliver digital skills in a modern way, providing a personalised, interactive and engaging learning experience, regardless of a learner’s background or interests.
Work Differently
EXPLORE prepares learners for the world of work. Learners solve tough problems, in teams, under tight deadlines whilst working on practical real-world problems.
You’re not just recruiting employees, but are showing the seeds of your reputation.
Copyright 2020 - 
Explore Data Science Academy
Why Us?
Sorry, either the time expired or you are not authorized.
Ok
OK
ok
We'll send you an email shortly with more details. Click "OK" to dismiss this popup and go to your dashboard. Or you can click "Dashboard" in the top right.
