https://explore-datascience.net/course/info/1/3
Long Courses
Full time On Campus Qualifications
Data Science
Part time Online Qualifications
Data Engineering
Data Analytics
Business Intelligence
NANO-Qualifications
Advanced Visualisation
Data Visualisation
Machine Learning
Data Pipelines And Automation
Data Science For Analysts
See all courses
Short Courses
PART-TIME Online DIGITAL SKILLS
Digital Skills
SQL For Data Science
Python For Data Science
Advanced Classification
Visualisation
Advanced Regression
Unsupervised Learning
Introduction To Data Science
Cloud Computing
Data Warehousing And Lakes
Data Automation
Alumni
Student Reviews
Hire an EXPLORER
About Us
Our Courses
Our Values
Enterprise
Summary
Build a Pipeline
Contact Us
Sign In 
Online: Part-time
Cape Town
Johannesburg
Within months you will learn one of the highest paid and fastest growing skills in the Tech Industry: Data Science.
This world-class course will teach you how to solve difficult problems using the latest advances in the Data Science realm.
Enroll now
12 months
At 10 hrs/week
January 18, 2021
Basic Analytical Background
Upcoming Courses
Courses coming soon
Our expert scientists have crafted world-class content to ensure learning happens in an engaging, friendly and professional way. Each course allows for varied levels of experience and expertise.
Learning with EXPLORE isn't simply studying, it's an experience!
Try it for free
Overview
Why to Join
Course Introduction
Curriculum
Explore Services
Instructors
Course Pricing
Applications Open
Courses Info
Download Brochure
(137 MB)
Boost your career with a Data centred Qualification
EXPLORE's comprehensive long course qualifications are SETA accredited and offer a broad spectrum of data skills, thoughtfully crafted to ensure they can be applied in the workplace immediately.
You'll learn theory, tools and technology in a fast-paced and fun environment, supported by wise and generous tech specialists who delight in learning.
Join the ranks of thousands of EXPLORE graduates who have landed high-paying jobs in top companies
Learners will gain an overview of Data Science and Machine Learning - the skills required to be a data scientist. In the Fundamentals phase they learn how to clean, analyse and visualise data as well as how to effectively communicate the findings. 
During Machine Learning, students solve real-world problems by building regression, classification and unsupervised learning algorithms in Python. This involves data exploration insight building, improving and communicating models from a raw and unstructured dataset.
Data Science Fundamentals
Create and query a SQL database to extract valuable information
Query and analyse datasets in Python by using Numpy, Pandas and Pyodbc
Building dynamic and interactive dashboards using Power BI
Building linear regression models in Python and testing the results of predictions
Building a logistic regression model in Python and optimising models to enhance performance
Learn to apply unsupervised techniques, such as k-means clustering and dimensionality reduction, to your data. Gather insight and derive patterns from unstructured data.
11% of people are left handed
Join the sexiest career of the 21st Century
Data roles are the fastest growing careers with some of the highest paid salaries on offer.
Work with the Best
Our facilitators and support team have been there and done that - experienced practitioners with a range of data mastery in Utilities, Retail and Financial Services. They are your champions and cheerleaders.
Learn How to Solve Problems
The course is built around solving actual problems, whilst learning the latest tools and technologies. Based on the issues that our renowned scientists have helped to solve, each course was designed by a team with years of experience at a global level.
Apply Your Skills
EXPLORE prides itself on the practicality of its courses. Participants must be able to apply the skills and knowledge that they acquire to do Amazing Things. Specialists have put their incredible skills together to ensure that learning adds value and not just 'nice-to-know'.
Extended Access to Material
Participants will have extended access to the material that is covered in the course, allowing them to revisit the techniques whenever they choose to.
Top Student Reviews
The fact that I was allowed to use different methods to achieve a given task was freeing. I felt as if I was given a paint brush and an infinite array of colors to paint my solution without being put into a box.
Ntwanano Matjokane
EXPLORE was like my soul revamping unit. 
I could always find happiness in being at EXPLORE and most of my highlights would be the networking or rather peers that I met.
Thembisile Damon
[A highlight was…] Learning new technologies and being able to apply them to real world problems. And also meeting smart people with similar mindsets to that of myself.
Tahir Hargey
Engaging, interactive and entertaining learning
At EXPLORE we firmly believe that learning can be fun, even when the content is complex. Our highly experienced course designers are able to share their insights and wisdom through our innovative learning platform and video-first approach. Take a look at what you can expect when joining us:
Data Science Online Course
An overview of what to expect from EXPLORE's online Data Science programme
Data Science On-Campus Course
Learning on-campus with us is an experience not to be missed - working alongside passionate scientists is inspiring. See what to expect...
Python Programming
Programming in Python makes using you data simple & easy, get a feel for how you'll master this art
Course Curriculum
Carefully created and curated content ensures that learning is always relevant and practical. Our experienced Scientists promise you only the best experience.
Program Offerings
Enrollment Includes:
Use SQL to gather and analyse data
Learn to prgoramme using Python
Use Power BI to visualise data and bring it to life
Master Linear Regression
Build a logistic regression model in Python and optimise models to enhance performance
Apply unsupervised techniques, such as k-means clustering and dimensionality reduction, to your data
EXPLORE Services
At EXPLORE, we don't just train technical skills, we empower learners to unlock their full potential
A Proven Job Search Framework
After years of helping students get hired, we’ve developed a proven framework for leading a successful job search. Nearly every single student who has followed these guidelines has been hired
An exciting CV, interview preparation, technical question examples and a structured way to search for and assess potential opportunities. With EXPLORE at your side, you can't go wrong!
Know More
THRIVE
EXPLORE's personal development curriculum, THRIVE, forms part of each student's learning journey. Creative, fun content delivered through a cutting-edge platform exposes participants to a host of additional content to support, guide, stretch and stimulate learning.
No-one should suffer in silence, nor miss an opportunity to grow, learn and develop. Professional coaches are on hand to support students in need. EXPLORE's in-house crafted curriculum ensures that each student is set up for success in their careers and lives.
Dedicated Career Coaching
Every student has access to a dedicated career coach who will mentor students through an effective job search via resume review, mock interviews, and strategies for building a job opportunity pipeline and getting a foot in the door at top-choice companies.
Securing employment opportunities is a dual responsibility - EXPLORE will help you find a great job, but you need to play your part as well. We partner with learners to give them the best chance of landing their dream role!
Meet our EXPLORERS
We take teaching seriously. Great teachers inspire us to connect with topics on a profound level. With experience in the field and the classroom, our course designers and instructors are unmatched. Simply put: students learn from the best.
Shaun Dipnnall
Course Designer
Shaun is the CEO of the EXPLORE Group of Companies. These include a Digital Skills Academy that delivers scarce digital skills at scale into South Africa as well as a Utilities and Financial Services products and services business.
Shaun runs, blogs and reads in between running multiple businesses. He is a machine, but he also laughs often and cares deeply.
Jaco Jansen van Rensburg
Lead Instructor
Jaco is a Chief EXPLORER and Lead Data Scientist in the EXPLORE Data Science Academy. He has spent the bulk of his career on scientific and industrial research and holds a PhD in Mechanical Engineering with a focus on mathematical modelling and optimisation.
Trevor Senyane
Facilitator
Trevor is a Data Science, Machine learning and Artificial intelligence enthusiast. He has a Bsc degree majoring in Physics and Mathematics. He is a dynamic problem solver who recognizes that problems have to be approached at a 3rd dimensional point of view. Trevor is an omnivert and adventurist who enjoys exploring parts of the world.
Find The Right Payment Plan For You
Upfront Payment
Pay your fees before the course starts and enjoy a cost saving.No deposit.No complexity.Just one payment. Simple.
Pay as you Learn
Monthly payments unlock your next module of learning.Fees payable in advance each month Seamless payments by automated deductionsMake one payment, we do the rest!
EXPLORE Loan
EXPLORE is proud to be offering a loan option whereby eligible students can apply to fund their studies at an affordable rate, paid off over a longer period. Candidates will have 36 months to pay. Innovative? We think so!
Scholarship
Exceptional students may qualify for a company-sponsored scholarship 18 -35 yr old SA citizens only On-campus study in Johannesburg or Cape Town only Qualifying testing & interview apply Incredible opportunities to change the trajectory of your life!
PAY AS YOU LEARN
EXPLORE LOAN
enroll now
Awesome, glad to have you on board!
Next
We’ve got your interests at heart
At EXPLORE we believe that talented individuals should be able to access opportunities to uncover their potential and realise their dreams. We are dedicated to make learning more accessible. 
The EXPLORE loan is designed to do exactly that. With 36 months to pay off your studies, our intention is to offer a competitive and affordable financing option. 
Naturally, we need some details and documents from you to get your application started.
Apply Now
Applying for EXPLORE LOAN!
Simply complete this application.
Submit
Only a few steps lie between you and a world of incredible learning! 
The following questions need to be answered with the details of the person who will be responsible for the loan repayments.
Copyright 2020 - 
Explore Data Science Academy
Why Us?
Sorry, either the time expired or you are not authorized.
Ok
OK
ok
We'll send you an email shortly with more details. Click "OK" to dismiss this popup and go to your dashboard. Or you can click "Dashboard" in the top right.
