https://explore-datascience.net/
Long Courses
Full time On Campus Qualifications
Data Science
Part time Online Qualifications
Data Engineering
Data Analytics
Business Intelligence
NANO-Qualifications
Advanced Visualisation
Data Visualisation
Machine Learning
Data Pipelines And Automation
Data Science For Analysts
See all courses
Short Courses
PART-TIME Online DIGITAL SKILLS
Digital Skills
SQL For Data Science
Python For Data Science
Advanced Classification
Visualisation
Advanced Regression
Unsupervised Learning
Introduction To Data Science
Cloud Computing
Data Warehousing And Lakes
Data Automation
Alumni
Student Reviews
Hire an EXPLORER
About Us
Our Courses
Our Values
Enterprise
Summary
Build a Pipeline
Contact Us
Sign In 
Amazing People Amazing Things
Individuals
EXPLORE is reinventing education by teaching digital skills which are relevant, practical and highly sought after in all industries.
Browse courses
Companies
EXPLORE helps organisations thrive in the new digital economy by building talent pipelines, reskilling current employees and hiring new digital talent.
Get started
Start Learning
We have a learning path to suit your needs, your pocket and your schedule.
Data Science Qualification
Our flagship learning pathway which has launched hundreds of previous students into exciting careers. Uncover the magic of how data can be used to solve difficult problems in any context.
Available Online
Data Engineering Qualification
Learn how to engineer and manage powerful data platforms that run large Enterprises. This in-demand qualification is sought after in a multitude of industries as they map their digital futures.
Data Analytics Qualification
Upon completion of this programme, students go on to gather and analyse data which they then use to deliver business insights to executives across the board. Any data, any business, the principles apply.
Business Intelligence Qualification
Learners master the art of telling stories from across an organisation using beautiful, insightful and value-driving visualisations. Empower yourself to make data come alive!.
Nano-qualifications
Browse our suite of shorter, tailored learning solutions to impart a powerful portfolio of skills which are marketable and relevant in today’s marketplace.
Explore our range of bite-sized pieces of learning which teach learners a valuable data skill These can be used to add value using the latest tools and technologies available.
Choose Your Path
Any one of our courses will equip you with the latest tech skills to boost your career. Choose the pathway which best suits your requirements. 
Full-time On-premise Qualifications
I want to dedicate my whole work week to learning. I want to learn on-premise with other students.
view more information
Part-time Online Qualifications
I’m eager to spend a few hours every day learning incredibly valuable new skills for 6 - 12 months.
Part-time Online Short Courses
Our Payment Plans
At EXPLORE we believe that talented individuals should be able to access opportunities to uncover their potential and realise their dreams.
We are dedicated to make learning more accessible.
Upfront Payment
Pay once before your course commences and get rewarded with significant cost savings. Also, no need to think about payments from month-to-month.
Employer Scholarship
EXPLORE has a limited number of scholarships offered by corporate South African companies. If you meet the entry criteria you may be selected to have your tuition and monthly living expenses covered.
Pay as you Learn
Spread your course payments over the duration of your studies. Pay each month in advance and unlock your learning potential!
EXPLORE Student Loan
Talented, eager and hampered by access to funding? Apply for a loan to finance your education. EXPLORE aims to provide affordable rates for students who meet our criteria.
Why EXPLORE?
We pride ourselves on our innovative, practical and real-world-readiness approach to teaching and learning. Our scientists, who facilitate all our programmes, have experience solving difficult problems across a variety of industries in South Africa and abroad.
Our content is constantly being refreshed with the latest developments in data and technology, which means that whatever you learn will be immediately applicable in the role you perform in any tech job.
EXPLORE is Africa’s largest Data Science Academy - thousands of students have trusted us with their futures and not been disappointed - what are you waiting for? 
Transform your workforce.
The future is digital and the world of work is changing from day-to-day. EXPLORE’s suite of learning pathways ensures that you can build a pipeline of talent, hire ready-to-fly individuals, or upskill your workforce to best suit your organisations immediate and future needs.
EXPLORE prepares all learners to thrive in a fast-paced and dynamic environment which mimics the challenges and triumphs of the working world. This means that learners are equipped with both digital skills and the experience to start delivering value straight away.
Whether you are looking to upskill your employees, searching for a diamond to transform your data realm, or start preparing the future leaders for your organisation, EXPLORE has a solution.
Find out More
Top Student Reviews
Hear from the people who have changed their lives through learning with us.
Explore's approach to skills development is cutting edge and progressive. My educational background is not in one of the STEM fields and yet I've found the skills I have learnt relevant for the job market and extremely valuable for myself as an individual seeking a competitive advantage in a data driven era. The combination of the hard and soft skills I've picked up has accelerated my career prospects in many ways.
Jake Ruele
It was an amazing journey which contributed a lot in my life as I studied Finance and did accounting at school, it was amazing to learn new skills which are highly in demand in the corporate world.
Precious Gumede
I got to see how valuable data is. Because of the way the content is structured, you get to "Explore" how to tackle some real-life problems using recent data for insights and possible solutions. And you can do Machine Learning with just a few lines of code ((You got to love Python).
Lindokuhle Moloi
I discovered that learning isn't just a one dimensional thing. When pushed, we discover so much about how failing isn't failure, it's a lesson. You can handle more than you thought you could. Being a part of a team re-educates you on how social preconceptions are nothing in a shared objective. I loved my time at EXPLORE
Ivor Pietersen
I found it exceedingly thrilling and filled with engrossing content and challenges that optimized the whole learning experience. The supportive atmosphere and culture, with highly eloquent instructors, created a positive learning space that evoked not only an unmatched yearn to take in what was delivered but to apply it to the best of our abilities while forging meaningful and fruitful relationships.
Atisang Molapo
With every new team came a new lesson, a new skill, and above all, a new level of understanding and operation. Lessons and skills I still use today, to carry not just my work but my team.
Maggy Mhango
My life is completely different to what it was before Explore. I came from a business focused role. I had a desire to break into tech, more specifically Data Science and Explores' 1 year Data Science program became the catalyst for that ambition to materialize. I went from knowing nothing about coding to now working in a role where I get to build and implement effective software solutions for some of the biggest organizations in South Africa.
My life is is massively different. I am doing a job I like doing, with a really smart team that works and learns together.
Tahir Hargey
Clients And Hiring Partners
We work with organisations big or small, across a multitude of industries and geographies.
EXPLORE delivers scarce and critical digital skills that are highly valued in the world of work. 
Launch your career today and start doing Amazing Things with Amazing People. 
Browse Courses
Copyright 2020 - 
Explore Data Science Academy
Why Us?
Sorry, either the time expired or you are not authorized.
Ok
OK
ok
We'll send you an email shortly with more details. Click "OK" to dismiss this popup and go to your dashboard. Or you can click "Dashboard" in the top right.
