https://explore-datascience.net/course/info/3/3/1
Long Courses
Full time On Campus Qualifications
Data Science
Part time Online Qualifications
Data Engineering
Data Analytics
Business Intelligence
NANO-Qualifications
Advanced Visualisation
Data Visualisation
Machine Learning
Data Pipelines And Automation
Data Science For Analysts
See all courses
Short Courses
PART-TIME Online DIGITAL SKILLS
Digital Skills
SQL For Data Science
Python For Data Science
Advanced Classification
Visualisation
Advanced Regression
Unsupervised Learning
Introduction To Data Science
Cloud Computing
Data Warehousing And Lakes
Data Automation
Alumni
Student Reviews
Hire an EXPLORER
About Us
Our Courses
Our Values
Enterprise
Summary
Build a Pipeline
Contact Us
Sign In 
Online: Part-time
Master the knowledge, skills and experience to get a job as a Data Engineer! You'll learn
a mix of programming, cloud computing, big data knowledge and the ability to apply these skills in new and challenging domains.
Enroll now
12 months
At 10 hrs/week
January 18, 2021
Basic Analytical Background
Upcoming Courses
Jul 5 - Jun 12 
Our expert scientists have crafted world-class content to ensure learning happens in an engaging, friendly and professional way. Each course allows for varied levels of experience and expertise.
Learning with EXPLORE isn't simply studying, it's an experience!
Try it for free
Overview
Why to Join
Course Introduction
Curriculum
Explore Services
Instructors
Course Pricing
Applications Open
Courses Info
Download Brochure
(143 MB)
Boost your career with a Data centred Qualification
EXPLORE's comprehensive long course qualifications are SETA accredited and offer a broad spectrum of data skills, thoughtfully crafted to ensure they can be applied in the workplace immediately.
You'll learn theory, tools and technology in a fast-paced and fun environment, supported by wise and generous tech specialists who delight in learning.
Join the ranks of thousands of EXPLORE graduates who have landed high-paying jobs in top companies
This course will provide students with the knowledge, skills and experience to get a job as a data engineer - which requires
a mix of programming, cloud computing, big data knowledge and the ability to apply these skills in new and challenging
domains.
Fundamentals
Work in SQL, from basic queries to more complex operations where optimisation and database design are key.
Work in Python to be able to manipulate large data sets and perform calculations on them in order to analyse the data for insight.
Understand Relational Data Modelling and NoSQL databases, and the differences between them
Create automated pipelines for a business and learn how to work seamlessly in the cloud.
Data Architecture
An introduction to Big Data concepts and software
Learn how to create large data lakes by seamlessly connecting multiple data sources in the cloud.
Automate repeated data gathering and cleaning tasks. Build pipelines that Extract, Transform and Load data into a database for downstream use. Learn how to test data drift and maintain pipelines using best practices.
The average person falls asleep in 7 minutes
Join the sexiest career of the 21st Century
Data roles are the fastest growing careers with some of the highest paid salaries on offer.
Work with the Best
Our facilitators and support team have been there and done that - experienced practitioners with a range of data mastery in Utilities, Retail and Financial Services. They are your champions and cheerleaders.
Learn How to Solve Problems
The course is built around solving actual problems, whilst learning the latest tools and technologies.
Apply Your Skills
EXPLORE prides itself on the practicality of its courses. Participants must be able to apply the skills and knowledge that they acquire to do Amazing Things.
Extended Access to Material
Participants will have extended access to the material that is covered in the course, allowing them to revisit the techniques whenever they choose to.
Top Student Reviews
My life is completely different to what it was before EXPLORE. I came from a business focused role. I had a desire to break into tech, more specifically Data Science and XPLORE’s program became the catalyst for that ambition to materialise. I went from knowing nothing about coding to now working in a role where I get to build and implement effective software solutions for some of the biggest organisations in SA.
Jake Ruele
A highlight was meeting some of the most amazing and intelligent people and doing some of the things I'd normally think are impossible!
Karabo Leso
EXPLORE hasn't only given me the courage to always set the bar higher but also acknowledge the human factor in all of us. They're not only equipping you with the best skills but also personally developing you into becoming better all the time.
Thembisile Damon
Engaging, interactive and entertaining learning
At EXPLORE we firmly believe that learning can be fun, even when the content is complex. Our highly experienced course designers are able to share their insights and wisdom through our innovative learning platform and video-first approach. Take a look at what you can expect when joining us:
SQL
A solid theoretical understanding is the foundation for a career in Data Engineering. See how we at EXPLORE make this learning awesome!
Predictive Modelling
Open the door to a world of possibility using predictive techniques, our scientists will guide you on this journey
Statistics
Explore the world of statistics with our easy-to-understand tutorials
Course Curriculum
Carefully created and curated content ensures that learning is always relevant and practical
Program Offerings
Enrollment Includes:
SQL Basics
Python Programming
Data Modelling
Cloud Computing (using AWS)
Big Data architecture
Hardoop vs Spark
Communicating Insights (HIVE and Spark SQL)
Data Warehouses and Lakes
Data Automation (Pipelines)
EXPLORE Services
EXPLORE has your best interests at heart. We want to give you the best chance of success!
A Proven Job Search Framework
After years of helping students get hired, we’ve developed a proven framework for leading a successful job search. Nearly every single student who has followed these guidelines has been hired.
An exciting CV, interview preparation, technical question examples and a structured way to search for and assess potential opportunities. With EXPLORE at your side, you can't go wrong!
Know More
THRIVE
EXPLORE's personal development curriculum, THRIVE, forms part of each student's learning journey. Creative, fun content delivered through a cutting-edge platform exposes participants to a host of additional content intended to support, guide, stretch and stimulate learning beyond the technical content on offer. Professional coaches are on hand to support students in need.
No-one should suffer in silence, nor miss an opportunity to grow, learn and develop. EXPLORE's in-house crafted curriculum ensures that each student is set up for success in their careers and lives.
Dedicated Career Coaching
Every student has access to a dedicated career coach who will mentor students through an effective job search via resume review, mock interviews, and strategies for building a job opportunity pipeline and getting a foot in the door at top-choice companies.
Securing employment opportunities is a dual responsibility - EXPLORE will help you find a great job, but you need to play your part as well. We partner with learners to give them the best chance of landing their dream role!
Meet our EXPLORERS
We take teaching seriously. Great teachers inspire us to connect with topics on a profound level. With experience in the field and the classroom, our data science course designers and instructors are unmatched. Simply put: students learn from the best.
Aiden Hembold
Course Designer
Aidan is a director of EXPLORE and is the lead data scientist on EXPLORE Utilities. He is a co-founder of the Data Science Academy and was core to the initial setup of the flagship Data Science course.
Jaco Jansen van Rensburg
Lead Instructor
Jaco is a Lead Data Scientist in the EXPLORE Data Science Academy. He has spent the bulk of his career on scientific and industrial research and holds a PhD in Mechanical Engineering with a focus on mathematical modelling and optimisation.
Joanne Moonsamy
Facilitator
Armed with a business degree, Joanne ventured into the world of media, and then cosmetics, before finding a home in Data Science. She believes in the power of storytelling with data and is passionate about alternative education, and solving problems in under-serviced communities. Joanne is decidedly not a morning person unless primed with a cup of [good] coffee.
Find The Right Payment Plan For You
Upfront Payment
Pay your fees before the course starts and enjoy a cost saving.No deposit.No complexity.Just one payment. Simple.
Pay as you Learn
Monthly payments unlock your next module of learning.Fees payable in advance each month Seamless payments by automated deductionsMake one payment, we do the rest!
EXPLORE Loan
EXPLORE is proud to be offering a loan option whereby eligible students can apply to fund their studies at an affordable rate, paid off over a longer period. Candidates will have 36 months to pay. Innovative? We think so!
PAY AS YOU LEARN
EXPLORE LOAN
enroll now
Awesome, glad to have you on board!
Next
We’ve got your interests at heart
At EXPLORE we believe that talented individuals should be able to access opportunities to uncover their potential and realise their dreams. We are dedicated to make learning more accessible. 
The EXPLORE loan is designed to do exactly that. With 36 months to pay off your studies, our intention is to offer a competitive and affordable financing option. 
Naturally, we need some details and documents from you to get your application started.
Apply Now
Applying for EXPLORE LOAN!
Simply complete this application.
Submit
Only a few steps lie between you and a world of incredible learning! 
The following questions need to be answered with the details of the person who will be responsible for the loan repayments.
Copyright 2020 - 
Explore Data Science Academy
Why Us?
Sorry, either the time expired or you are not authorized.
Ok
OK
ok
We'll send you an email shortly with more details. Click "OK" to dismiss this popup and go to your dashboard. Or you can click "Dashboard" in the top right.
