https://explore-datascience.net/course/info/40/5
Long Courses
Full time On Campus Qualifications
Data Science
Part time Online Qualifications
Data Engineering
Data Analytics
Business Intelligence
NANO-Qualifications
Advanced Visualisation
Data Visualisation
Machine Learning
Data Pipelines And Automation
Data Science For Analysts
See all courses
Short Courses
PART-TIME Online DIGITAL SKILLS
Digital Skills
SQL For Data Science
Python For Data Science
Advanced Classification
Visualisation
Advanced Regression
Unsupervised Learning
Introduction To Data Science
Cloud Computing
Data Warehousing And Lakes
Data Automation
Alumni
Student Reviews
Hire an EXPLORER
About Us
Our Courses
Our Values
Enterprise
Summary
Build a Pipeline
Contact Us
Sign In 
Online: Part-time
Being able to visualise data and tell compelling stories is a key capability of the data scientist’s toolkit. We teach the latest dashboarding technologies as a key skill to deliver the insights and recommendations that your data is telling you.
Enroll now
6 weeks
At 10 hrs/week
May 17, 2021
Basic Analytical Background
Upcoming Courses
May 17 - Jun 27 
Our expert scientists have crafted world-class content to ensure learning happens in an engaging, friendly and professional way. Each course allows for varied levels of experience and expertise.
Learning with EXPLORE isn't simply studying, it's an experience!
Try it for free
Overview
Why to Join
Course Introduction
Course Pricing
Applications Open
Courses Info
Download Brochure
(1 MB)
Master a data skill to boost your productivity
EXPLORE's range of DIGITAL SKILLS are SETA accredited and each offers a unique learning experience over a 6 week period. We’re confident that having nailed one skill, you’ll be back for more - the thrill of learning and applying new knowledge is hard to beat! Each skill is thoughtfully curated to ensure it can be applied in the workplace immediately.
You'll learn theory, tools and technology in a fast-paced and fun online environment, supported by wise and generous tech specialists who delight in learning.
Join the ranks of thousands of EXPLORERs who have learnt Amazing Things with us
Visualisation DIGITAL SKILL
This course covers the key principles and applications of being able to tell elegant stories using various visualisation techniques. The ability to visualise data and tell compelling stories is a key capability of the data scientist’s toolkit. We teach the latest dashboarding technologies as a key skill to deliver the insights and recommendations that your data is telling you.
Data visualisation fundamentals
Designing a dashboard
Working with PowerBI
Telling stories in PowerBI
Setting Data relationships
Planning, designing and proto-typing dashboards
Advanced PowerBI functions
Advanced PowerBI visuals
Dashboard Project
Lemons contain more sugar than strawberries
Learn the sexiest skills of the 21st century
Data skills are the most sought after with some of the highest paid salaries on offer.
Work with the Best
Our facilitators and support team have been there and done that - experienced practitioners with a range of data mastery in Utilities, Retail and Financial Services. They are your champions and cheerleaders.
Learn How to Solve Problems
The course is built around solving actual problems, whilst learning the latest tools and technologies. Based on the issues that our renowned scientists have helped to solve, each course was designed by a team with years of experience at a global level.
Apply Your Skills
EXPLORE prides itself on the practicality of its courses. Participants must be able to apply the skills and knowledge that they acquire to do Amazing Things. Specialists have put their incredible skills together to ensure that learning adds value and not just 'nice-to-know'.
Extended Access to Material
Participants will have extended access to the material that is covered in the course, allowing them to revisit the techniques whenever they choose to.
Top Student Reviews
Now I know how to use my qualification in accounting, though it is a mile away from data, with precision and a direct approach.
Mbusi Sithole
Dedicated people who obviously believe in what they're doing and have a vocation for the work that they do.
Tahir Hargey
I got to see how valuable data is because the way the content is structured you get to "EXPLORE" how to tackle some real-life problems (using recent data) for insights and possible solutions.
Lindokuhle Pearlson Moloi
Engaging, interactive and entertaining learning
At EXPLORE we firmly believe that learning can be fun, even when the content is complex. Our highly experienced course designers are able to share their insights and wisdom through our innovative learning platform and video-first approach. Take a look at what you can expect when joining us:
SQL for Data Science
Knowing how to manage your data is a vital skill before you can translate it for others. Our SQL for Data Science Digital Skill ensures you have what it takes!
Power BI
Bring your data to life using beautiful dashboarding techniques see what to expect in the course in this taster video
Predictive Modelling
Once you've mastered Visualisation, take the next step and open the door to a world of possibility using predictive techniques. Our scientists will guide you on this journey
Find The Right Payment Plan For You
Upfront Payment
Pay your fees before the course starts and enjoy a cost saving.No deposit.No complexity.Just one payment. Simple.
Pay as you Learn
Monthly payments unlock your next module of learning.Fees payable in advance each month Seamless payments by automated deductionsMake one payment, we do the rest!
PAY AS YOU LEARN
Awesome, glad to have you on board!
Next
We’ve got your interests at heart
At EXPLORE we believe that talented individuals should be able to access opportunities to uncover their potential and realise their dreams. We are dedicated to make learning more accessible. 
The EXPLORE loan is designed to do exactly that. With 36 months to pay off your studies, our intention is to offer a competitive and affordable financing option. 
Naturally, we need some details and documents from you to get your application started.
Apply Now
Applying for EXPLORE LOAN!
Simply complete this application.
Submit
Only a few steps lie between you and a world of incredible learning! 
The following questions need to be answered with the details of the person who will be responsible for the loan repayments.
Copyright 2020 - 
Explore Data Science Academy
Why Us?
Sorry, either the time expired or you are not authorized.
Ok
OK
ok
We'll send you an email shortly with more details. Click "OK" to dismiss this popup and go to your dashboard. Or you can click "Dashboard" in the top right.
