https://explore-datascience.net/alumni/hire-explorer
Long Courses
Full time On Campus Qualifications
Data Science
Part time Online Qualifications
Data Engineering
Data Analytics
Business Intelligence
NANO-Qualifications
Advanced Visualisation
Data Visualisation
Machine Learning
Data Pipelines And Automation
Data Science For Analysts
See all courses
Short Courses
PART-TIME Online DIGITAL SKILLS
Digital Skills
SQL For Data Science
Python For Data Science
Advanced Classification
Visualisation
Advanced Regression
Unsupervised Learning
Introduction To Data Science
Cloud Computing
Data Warehousing And Lakes
Data Automation
Alumni
Student Reviews
Hire an EXPLORER
About Us
Our Courses
Our Values
Enterprise
Summary
Build a Pipeline
Contact Us
Sign In 
Industry leaders seek out EXPLORE learners to boost their digital capacity
We uncover Amazing People and teach them to code, communicate and be curious, empowering them to become sought after tech resources.
Companies That Have Hired From Us.
New hires add value from Day 1
Thanks to the way we recruit, teach and prepare learners for the world of work, you can be assured that new hires into your organisation will be ready to solve problems right from the start.
When hiring an EXPLORE graduate, you can trust that they are going to make a difference and move your organisation’s digital transformation forward, fast.
Access our alumni community to uncover your ideal hire, equipped with the most in-demand skills of the 21st century.
We brought 3 people from the EXPLORE 2018 class into Digital & Data. They are some of the most amazing people I have ever had the pleasure of recruiting in my 10 years of people management experience. Their positive and infectious attitude, ambition, curiosity, passion for data science and just generally being wonderful human beings means that EXPLORE presents us with a unique opportunity to act as a pipeline for talent into our organisation.
Carey-Anne Foulds
Build a Pipeline of Talent
Our novel approach to crafting top hires ensures you can trust an EXPLORE graduate to get the job done.
Recruit Differently
EXPLORE discovers raw talent in unlikely places with our innovative and inclusive sourcing strategy. We select top learners based on aptitude and attitude.
Teach Differently
EXPLORE uses world-class technology to deliver digital skills in a modern way, providing a personalised, interactive and engaging learning experience, regardless of a learner’s background or interests.
Work Differently
EXPLORE prepares learners for the world of work. Learners solve tough problems, in teams, under tight deadlines whilst working on practical real-world problems.
Our Placement Platform
We connect top talent with the organisations which need them most.
Candidates
Graduates of our courses create and manage their personal profiles which tell their professional stories and highlight their experience, skills and projects. Employers get a well-rounded view of potential job candidates.
Hiring managers
Browse our selection of potential candidates using simple-to-use filters so that you can quickly find the right talent for the job, and connect with them seamlessly and speedily.
Free to Hire
EXPLORE’s primary goal is to help our learners find work that they love and where they can make an impact. No placement fees or costs to post a job!
Take your team to the next level by hiring a capable, enthusiastic and well-prepared graduate who is eager to continue learning and passionate about making a difference!
contact us
Copyright 2020 - 
Explore Data Science Academy
Why Us?
Sorry, either the time expired or you are not authorized.
Ok
OK
ok
We'll send you an email shortly with more details. Click "OK" to dismiss this popup and go to your dashboard. Or you can click "Dashboard" in the top right.
